So let's look at another example of inheritance what we'll do is we'll make a class here and we'll call
it rectangle like so.
And inside of your will define our constructor function struct or if I can get it and then we'll do
length and then with with like so then inside of here we'll just set our instance properties so it will
be this length equals length as usual and this start with equals width like so.
And then after that I'll define a method on my class called Get area and all it's going to do is just
cancel out log the length times the width length times with like so.
Then after that I want to extend this class so what I'll do as class square extends rectangle like so
and then we'll leave it as is.
So this will be basically the same as using the parent class directly.
But what I really want to do is show you something so you'll see in a second.
We're going to go ahead and instantiate Our Square class with the new square and I'll pass in a four
by four.
And after that we'll do square Dogget area like so and you can see it works perfectly not fine with
is not defined.
Let's see length times with with with care.
Yes I forgot the key word this because we're working inside of the class so we do this and now everything
should work fine.
And it does counseled out log 16.
Now if I print out the object square I'm going to see something pretty interesting.
So when I write that log this you'll see that we have a square object but it only has two properties
it doesn't have any method on it.
And that's because what we're doing is actually very similar to what we were doing up here in the beginning.
What we're doing behind the scenes is essentially adding this method on the prototype chain.
So whenever we look for this get area method on our object and we don't find it javascript just goes
up the prototype chain until it actually finds where this method is and it finds it on our parent class
where we defined it originally.
So with that being said we can still define methods on our derived class or what I might do here is
define a class of the same name called Get area and inside of here I'm going to cancel that log but
I'm going to do something a little different.
I'll do a template literal where it says the area is.
And then after that we'll do substitution and we'll just do this at length times this dot with like
so and then semi colons at the end of course and we say that you can see now it actually cancelled out
logs.
The area is 16.
So in other words this is referred to as a shadow method because what it's doing is shadowing the parent
method right here the parent class method.
So whenever we call get area javascript's going to go up and it's going to see that we have gate area
on our parent class right here.
So it's the closest one and it's not going to invoke the get area method on our parent class right here
only on our derived class.
With that being said you could also still access the method of your parent class even though you overwrote
it with your shadow method right here.
Pretty cool name shadow method I know but what you could do is something like this you could use the
super keyword and then dot and then get area just like before.
So even though right here I defined my own method on this derived class I'm accessing the method of
the parent class by using the keywords super.
So now if I save this you'll see it prints out 16 again.
This is very similar to what we originally did with objects to get easy access to the prototype.
As you can see right here and I'll try to put this on the big screen if I can.
There we go.
You can see originally inside of our objects what we did was we would set the prototype.
And whenever we set the prototype in order to make sure that we were calling the correct parent class
the correct prototype we used to use get prototype of this.
Right.
But instead we can use super because it always points in the right direction and it always points to
the parent class.